= LiveF1

* TODO: URL

== DESCRIPTION

LiveF1 provides an API to receive data from the official live timing servers. It uses the same data that's streamed to the live timing applet at www.formula1.com/live_timing - and needs you to have a corresponding account to decrypt the stream - but enables you to have a more fine-grained access to the numbers.

== FEATURES

* Connects to the live timing stream and reports timing events which are detected

== SYNOPSIS

At this stage of development there isn't much of an external API. Take a look at the features or dig into the code to find out more.

== REQUIREMENTS

* Ruby 1.9.x

== INSTALL

The project uses Bundler, so get all the development dependencies with a simple

  $ bundle install

== LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

== DATA LICENSE

Data consumed using this library is and remains property of Formula One
Management Limited ('FOM'). It would be a VERY BAD IDEA to use it for anything
other than personal, non-commercial use.

http://www.formula1.com/termsandconditions.html